README.md, before:

AnySoftKeyboard&nbsp;[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard.svg)](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/releases)
====================
Discussions can be found on&nbsp;[💬&nbsp;GitHub](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/discussions)<br/>
Support chat-channels can be found on&nbsp;[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/AnySoftKeyboard/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/AnySoftKeyboard)<br/>
<br/>
`master` latest build&nbsp;![](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/workflows/checks/badge.svg?event=push&branch=master)<br/>
`master` coverage&nbsp;[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard)<br/>
<br/>
Android (f/w 2.1+, API level 7+) on screen keyboard for multiple languages.

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard&utm_source=global_co&utm_medium=prtnr&utm_content=Mar2515&utm_campaign=PartBadge&pcampaignid=MKT-AC-global-none-all-co-pr-py-PartBadges-Oct1515-1"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/apps/en-play-badge.png" height="80pt"/></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard"><img alt="Get it on F-Droid" src="https://f-droid.org/wiki/images/5/55/F-Droid-button_get-it-on_bigger.png" height="80pt"/></a>

Sign up to beta-channel [here](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard). Beta versions are pushed via Google Play Store.

## Features
 * All kinds of keyboards:
     * Supporting lots of languages via external packages. E.g., English (QWERTY, Dvorak, AZERTY, Colemak, and Workman), Hebrew, Russian, Arabic, Lao, Bulgarian, Swiss, German, Swedish, Spanish, Catalan, Belarusian, Portuguese, Ukrainian and [many more](addons/languages/PACKS.md).
     * Special keyboard for text fields which require only numbers.
     * Special keyboard for text fields which require email or URI addresses.
 * Physical keyboard is supported as-well.
 * Auto-capitalization.
 * Word suggestions, and Next-Word suggestions.
     * Automatic correction can be customized, or turned off entirely.
     * External packages include word lists that can be freely mixed. You can use a French layout and get suggestions for German and Russian!
 * Gesture typing.
 * Dark mode, automatic (based on system) and manual.
 * Power saving mode, disables various features to save battery.
 * Per-app tint, the keyboard changes color depending on the current app.
 * Special key-press effects:
     * Sound on key press (if phone is not muted).
     * Vibrate on key press.
 * Voice input. 
 * Incognito Mode - will not learn new words, will not keep history of what was typed (including emoji history).
 * Plenty of emojis - long-press the smiley key. You customize those by clicking the Settings icon in emojis window.
 * More on AnySoftKeyboard can be found [here](http://anysoftkeyboard.github.io/).

## Releases

### from _master_

#### IME - AnySoftKeyboard
* Every commit to _master_ branch will [deploy](.github/workflows/checks.yml) a new release to the _ALPHA_ channel in Google Play-Store. You can subscribe to this release channel by joining the [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/anysoftkeyboard-alpha-testers) group, and opt-in by visiting [this link](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard).
* Every Wednesday the latest _ALPHA_ will be [promoted](.github/workflows/deployment_promote.yml) to _BETA_. You can opt-in to this channel by visiting [this link](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard).
* Note about pre-release channels: every few months we will remove all the users in the groups. When that happens, you are required to re-subscribe to the group. This is done to ensure that the members in the groups are active.
* Once all requirements for a release were finished, a _STABLE_ release branch (in the format of `release-branch-ime-vX.X-rX`) will be cut. Every commit to this branch will be automatically published to Google Play Store (_STABLE_ channel) and will roll-out users gradually.

#### AddOns
* Every commit to _master_ branch will [deploy](.github/workflows/checks.yml) all addons to _BETA_ channel in Google Play-Store. You can subscribe to this release channel by joining the _BETA_ channel for each [addon](addons/languages/PACKS.md).
* Note about pre-release channels: every few months we will remove all the users in the groups. When that happens, you are required to re-subscribe to the group. This is done to ensure that the members in the groups are active.
* Once all requirements for a release were finished, a _STABLE_ release branch (in the format of `release-branch-addons-vX.X-rX`) will be cut. Every commit to this branch will be automatically published to Google Play Store (_STABLE_ channel) and will roll-out users gradually.

### from _release-branch_

#### IME - AnySoftKeyboard
* Each new commit to the release-branch will be published to 10% of the users.
* Each day - if no new commit was pushed to the release-branch - we will increase the roll-out.
* When roll-out reaches 100%, an fdroid release will be made.

#### AddOns
* Each new commit to the release-branch will be published to 10% of the users.
* Each day - if no new commit was pushed to the release-branch - we will increase the roll-out.

## Read more
* Our fancy [web-site](http://anysoftkeyboard.github.io/)
* [Language-Pack](addons/languages/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Theme](addons/themes/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Quick-Text](addons/quicktexts/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Crownin](https://crowdin.com/project/anysoftkeyboard) to translate the app to your language. [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/anysoftkeyboard/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/anysoftkeyboard)
* Via [Bountysource](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/anysoftkeyboard/issues), users can post bounties and developers can claim them when fixing bugs. This is an external community project and not directly sponsored by the ASK developers!

# Development/Contributing
Want to develop a new feature, fix a bug, or add new language-pack? Read more [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).
Remember: the components in this repository are released under the Apache2 license. By contributing to this repository you give all copyright and distribution rights or AnySoftKeyboard maintainer.

# License

    Copyright 2020 Menny Even-Danan
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

First prototype of history-backed clipboard system attached to the IME process

README.md, after:

AnySoftKeyboard&nbsp;[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard.svg)](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/releases)
====================
## Uhu edition
This fork of AnysoftKeyboard includes a clipboard-with-history feature, like the popular [Ditto](https://ditto-cp.sourceforge.io/) application for Windows.

This hasn't been developed as a standalone application, because Android 10+ requires that, in order to intercept clipboard events, the requesting process has to be a system app or an IME (i.e. a keyboard)

The clipboard functionality consists of a separate activity in the launcher, which shows a dismissable overlay window (this requires explicit user permission) with the clipboard content and then finishes. The clipboard history is stored in the IME process, so you can't use this without having AnysoftKeyboard as your active keyboard.


Discussions can be found on&nbsp;[💬&nbsp;GitHub](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/discussions)<br/>
Support chat-channels can be found on&nbsp;[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/AnySoftKeyboard/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/AnySoftKeyboard)<br/>
<br/>
`master` latest build&nbsp;![](https://github.com/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/workflows/checks/badge.svg?event=push&branch=master)<br/>
`master` coverage&nbsp;[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AnySoftKeyboard/AnySoftKeyboard)<br/>
<br/>
Android (f/w 2.1+, API level 7+) on screen keyboard for multiple languages.

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard&utm_source=global_co&utm_medium=prtnr&utm_content=Mar2515&utm_campaign=PartBadge&pcampaignid=MKT-AC-global-none-all-co-pr-py-PartBadges-Oct1515-1"><img alt="Get it on Google Play" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/apps/en-play-badge.png" height="80pt"/></a>&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard"><img alt="Get it on F-Droid" src="https://f-droid.org/wiki/images/5/55/F-Droid-button_get-it-on_bigger.png" height="80pt"/></a>

Sign up to beta-channel [here](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard). Beta versions are pushed via Google Play Store.

## Features
 * All kinds of keyboards:
     * Supporting lots of languages via external packages. E.g., English (QWERTY, Dvorak, AZERTY, Colemak, and Workman), Hebrew, Russian, Arabic, Lao, Bulgarian, Swiss, German, Swedish, Spanish, Catalan, Belarusian, Portuguese, Ukrainian and [many more](addons/languages/PACKS.md).
     * Special keyboard for text fields which require only numbers.
     * Special keyboard for text fields which require email or URI addresses.
 * Physical keyboard is supported as-well.
 * Auto-capitalization.
 * Word suggestions, and Next-Word suggestions.
     * Automatic correction can be customized, or turned off entirely.
     * External packages include word lists that can be freely mixed. You can use a French layout and get suggestions for German and Russian!
 * Gesture typing.
 * Dark mode, automatic (based on system) and manual.
 * Power saving mode, disables various features to save battery.
 * Per-app tint, the keyboard changes color depending on the current app.
 * Special key-press effects:
     * Sound on key press (if phone is not muted).
     * Vibrate on key press.
 * Voice input. 
 * Incognito Mode - will not learn new words, will not keep history of what was typed (including emoji history).
 * Plenty of emojis - long-press the smiley key. You customize those by clicking the Settings icon in emojis window.
 * More on AnySoftKeyboard can be found [here](http://anysoftkeyboard.github.io/).

## Releases

### from _master_

#### IME - AnySoftKeyboard
* Every commit to _master_ branch will [deploy](.github/workflows/checks.yml) a new release to the _ALPHA_ channel in Google Play-Store. You can subscribe to this release channel by joining the [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/anysoftkeyboard-alpha-testers) group, and opt-in by visiting [this link](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard).
* Every Wednesday the latest _ALPHA_ will be [promoted](.github/workflows/deployment_promote.yml) to _BETA_. You can opt-in to this channel by visiting [this link](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.menny.android.anysoftkeyboard).
* Note about pre-release channels: every few months we will remove all the users in the groups. When that happens, you are required to re-subscribe to the group. This is done to ensure that the members in the groups are active.
* Once all requirements for a release were finished, a _STABLE_ release branch (in the format of `release-branch-ime-vX.X-rX`) will be cut. Every commit to this branch will be automatically published to Google Play Store (_STABLE_ channel) and will roll-out users gradually.

#### AddOns
* Every commit to _master_ branch will [deploy](.github/workflows/checks.yml) all addons to _BETA_ channel in Google Play-Store. You can subscribe to this release channel by joining the _BETA_ channel for each [addon](addons/languages/PACKS.md).
* Note about pre-release channels: every few months we will remove all the users in the groups. When that happens, you are required to re-subscribe to the group. This is done to ensure that the members in the groups are active.
* Once all requirements for a release were finished, a _STABLE_ release branch (in the format of `release-branch-addons-vX.X-rX`) will be cut. Every commit to this branch will be automatically published to Google Play Store (_STABLE_ channel) and will roll-out users gradually.

### from _release-branch_

#### IME - AnySoftKeyboard
* Each new commit to the release-branch will be published to 10% of the users.
* Each day - if no new commit was pushed to the release-branch - we will increase the roll-out.
* When roll-out reaches 100%, an fdroid release will be made.

#### AddOns
* Each new commit to the release-branch will be published to 10% of the users.
* Each day - if no new commit was pushed to the release-branch - we will increase the roll-out.

## Read more
* Our fancy [web-site](http://anysoftkeyboard.github.io/)
* [Language-Pack](addons/languages/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Theme](addons/themes/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Quick-Text](addons/quicktexts/PACKS.md) add-ons in this repo.
* [Crownin](https://crowdin.com/project/anysoftkeyboard) to translate the app to your language. [![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/anysoftkeyboard/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/anysoftkeyboard)
* Via [Bountysource](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/anysoftkeyboard/issues), users can post bounties and developers can claim them when fixing bugs. This is an external community project and not directly sponsored by the ASK developers!

# Development/Contributing
Want to develop a new feature, fix a bug, or add new language-pack? Read more [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).
Remember: the components in this repository are released under the Apache2 license. By contributing to this repository you give all copyright and distribution rights or AnySoftKeyboard maintainer.

# License

    Copyright 2020 Menny Even-Danan
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
